# Data Security on Social Media
Data security is currently a very significant problems people and society are facing today. In this document, I discussed two articles that talk about data security problem on social media. I present and discuss two different views on this important matter to give the readers a broader understanding of it.

## Article 1
In Forbes's [There Isn't Enough Privacy On Social Media And That Is A Real Problem](https://www.forbes.com/sites/petersuciu/2020/06/26/there-isnt-enough-privacy-on-social-media-and-that-is-a-real-problem/?sh=159250c44f11), it talks about the seriousness of lacking privacy on social media platform today and addresses that losing data security is leading people to face a lot of problems and need to be solved. The passage mentions that there are a large number of people checking on their privacy setting on social media platform everyday due to the privacy concerns. Also, more than 250,000 social media users may have also had their information fully exposed on a deep web hacking forum. Theses issues may lead to serious victims.

For me, I personally do agree with this article and I also think that our data on social media platform is actually not secure enough. Therefore, for me myself, I usually do not post any personal information on social media platform. That makes me feel safer in some sense. Just like the article says, there exist a lot of security and privacy problems on social media. For example, the social media sites are often targeted by hackers, who can steal sensitive information from users and spread malware or manipulate content. Besides hackers, since social media platform is itself a very large place that collects and stores vast amounts of personal information, therefore, it is making the data of itself very vulnerable to theft or misuse.

## Article 2
In GlobalTrade's [Social Media: How Secure Are Our Data](https://www.globaltrademag.com/social-media-how-secure-are-our-data/), it mentions that social media is becoming more and more important in our daily life today. And the article does admit that social media may lead to some risks of data security. Therefore, it is very important for us to learn how to secure and protect our personal data when using social media. However, unlike the first article, this article counterintuitively argues that social media can also be good for our data security. It says that we are able to create a "digital fingerprint" by sharing information on social media. This "fingerprint" will help us to secure the data and track the activity of our account. With this useful tool, we are able to take steps to secure our data as soon as possible when potential security breaches are being detected.

This article successfully provides me with this new knowledge called "digital fingerprint". After reading this article, it feels to me that although using social media might be insecure and risky, there also exists positive ways of using it to protect and track our data and our information. So I think it may be unnecessary to stop using social media just because of afraiding losing personal data. Probably, we are able to take some steps in better protecting data on social media. For example, we can use strong passwords and two-factore authentication. We can avoid sharing sensitive information such as financial data or personal information. We can regularly check privacy settings and adjust them as necessary. Also, be wary of phishing scams and suspicious links while at the same time, only download apps and software froms trusted sources. While we have all these habits and know how to protect our data effectively and effeciently, surfing on social media seems to be less risky to us.